Fix Typos in Learn Pages (#1697)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/deployment/azure-functions.md

}
```

> The first parameter with the [Context](/swan-lake/learn/api-docs/ballerina/#/azure_functions/classes/Context) object contains the information and operations related to the current function execution in Azure Functions such as the execution metadata and logging actions to be used by the function. This parameter is optional and can exist at any position in the parameter list of the function. The second parameter with the `HTTPTrigger` annotation signals that this function is going to have an HTTP trigger and that its details should be stored in the given `HTTPRequest` value. Then, you also declare that you will be having a queue output binding by the usage of the `QueueOutput` annotation with a string result by defining a `StringOutputBinding` parameter. Also, you declare an HTTP output binding by annotating the `HTTPBinding` return type with the `HTTPOutput` annotation. This HTTP output binding can also be given by defining as a parameter as well with the same annotation. In this manner, you can mix and match any combination of triggers and input/output bindings with or without the execution context object when defining an Azure Function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first parameter with the [Context](/swan-lake/learn/api-docs/ballerina/#/azure_functions/classes/Context) object contains the information and operations related to the current function execution in Azure Functions such as the execution metadata and logging actions to be used by the function. This parameter is optional and can exist at any position in the function's parameter list. The second parameter with the `HTTPTrigger` annotation signals that this function is going to have an HTTP trigger and that its details should be stored in the given `HTTPRequest` value. Then, you declare that you will have a queue output binding by using the `QueueOutput` annotation with a string result by defining a `StringOutputBinding` parameter. Also, you declare an HTTP output binding by annotating the `HTTPBinding` return type with the `HTTPOutput` annotation. This HTTP output binding can also be defined as a parameter with the same annotation. In this manner, you can mix and match any combination of triggers and input/output bindings with or without the execution context object when defining an Azure Function. 
```
